cd ,normal
suns ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
tail ,normal
less ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
more ,normal
clera ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
more ,normal
less ,normal
more ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
matlab ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
fg ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
tail ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
rwho ,normal
z ,normal
connect ,normal
kermit ,normal
connect ,normal
cecn ,normal
cecn ,normal
hangup ,normal
cenc ,normal
cecn ,normal
kermit ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
X ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
ls ,normal
jobs ,normal
mail ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
more ,normal
more ,normal
ci ,normal
co ,normal
co -l ,normal
rlog ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
man ,normal
ls ,normal
j ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
j ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
cd ,normal
gzip -dc | tar - ,normal
make ,normal
vi ,normal
make ,normal
latex2lyx ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
c ,normal
cd ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
source ,normal
ls ,normal
matlab ,normal
man -k ,normal
lwinfo ,normal
lwinfo ,normal
lwinfo ,normal
lwinfo ,normal
lwq ,normal
lwq ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
less ,normal
latex ,normal
less ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
co ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
unrm ,normal
unrm ,normal
clear ,normal
ph ,normal
r ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
rlogin -l ,normal
rlogin -l ,normal
z ,normal
connect ,normal
cecn ,normal
z ,normal
cecn ,normal
cecn ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
exit ,normal
telnet ,normal
killall ,normal
killall ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
exit ,normal
kermit ,normal
exit ,normal
mformat ,normal
cmopy ,normal
mcopy ,normal
mcopy ,normal
ping ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
display ,normal
bg ,normal
ls ,normal
cp ,normal
dir ,normal
cd ,normal
display ,normal
bg ,normal
display ,normal
x ,normal
z ,normal
matlab ,normal
cd ,normal
natlab ,normal
matlab ,normal
z ,normal
ls ,normal
sd ,normal
lyx ,normal
z ,normal
su ,normal
cecn ,normal
kermit ,normal
cecn ,normal
su ,normal
x ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
less ,normal
z ,normal
connect ,normal
cd ,normal
less ,normal
cd ,normal
ping ,normal
X ,normal
X ,normal
X -bpp ,normal
clear ,normal
kill.ppp ,normal
alpha978 ,normal
hangup ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ftp ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
mail ,normal
ruptime ,normal
fg ,normal
mail ,normal
cd ,normal
grep -i ,normal
c ,normal
cd ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
grep -i ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
tail ,normal
tail ,normal
tail ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
tail ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
tail ,normal
clear ,normal
tail ,normal
z ,normal
connect ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
X ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
kill -9 ,normal
kill -9 ,normal
connect ,normal
telnet ,normal
clear ,normal
tlnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
cls ,normal
clear ,normal
ping ,normal
ping ,normal
ping ,normal
ping ,normal
rlogin -l ,normal
telnet ,normal
clear ,normal
ping ,normal
ping ,normal
ping ,normal
ping ,normal
ping ,normal
traceroute ,normal
traceroute ,normal
clear ,normal
ping ,normal
clear ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
connect ,normal
rlogin ,normal
telnet ,normal
connect ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
h ,normal
X ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
less ,normal
z ,normal
xhost ,normal
connect ,normal
ps | grep ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
rlogin -l ,normal
cls ,normal
clear ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
connect ,normal
connect ,normal
connect ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
connect ,normal
connect ,normal
cnnect ,normal
connect ,normal
connect ,normal
connect ,normal
connect ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
connect ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
connect ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
connect ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
connect ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
connect ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
connect ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
connect ,normal
connect ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
connect ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
connect ,normal
connect ,normal
connect ,normal
connect ,normal
clear ,normal
connect ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
mail ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
ls ,normal
mail ,normal
ls ,normal
who ,normal
talk ,normal
rwho ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
clear ,normal
talk ,normal
talk ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
mail ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls -al ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
zgrep ,normal
zcat | pinkey ,normal
zcat | grep -i ,normal
ls ,normal
grep -i ,normal
grep -i ,normal
grep -i ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
3<GENSYM:1> ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
cd ,normal
mail ,normal
exit ,normal
lh ,normal
ls ,normal
exit ,normal
mail ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
tail ,normal
cd ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
cls ,normal
clear ,normal
ping ,normal
cecn ,normal
ping ,normal
ping ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
clear ,normal
kill.ppp ,normal
hangup ,normal
cecn ,normal
cecn ,normal
ps | grep ,normal
ps | grep ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
connect ,normal
clear ,normal
h ,normal
kill.ppp ,normal
hangup ,normal
z ,normal
slirp ,normal
mail ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
car ,normal
cat ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
j ,normal
fg ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
pr ,normal
> ,normal
mv ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
rm ,normal
cat ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
tail ,normal
cler ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
matlab ,normal
cd ,normal
matlab ,normal
cd ,normal
matlab ,normal
vi ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
tail ,normal
tail ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
who ,normal
last ,normal
clear ,normal
newgrp ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
clear ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
r ,normal
pine ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
kill -HUP ,normal
z ,normal
telnet ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
telnet ,normal
r ,normal
slirp ,normal
man ,normal
cat ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
telnet ,normal
ls ,normal
exit ,normal
exit ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
la ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
z ,normal
slirp ,normal
telnet ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
mal ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
jove ,normal
jove ,normal
jove ,normal
rcsdiff | less ,normal
rcs -u ,normal
co -l ,normal
jove ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
less ,normal
clear ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
matlab ,normal
cat ,normal
rlogin ,normal
rlogin ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
cd ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
less ,normal
more ,normal
more ,normal
exit ,normal
cd ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
tail ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
connect ,normal
connect ,normal
connect ,normal
connect ,normal
kill.ppp ,normal
hangup ,normal
clear ,normal
connect ,normal
ps -a | grep ,normal
ps -a ,normal
connect ,normal
X ,normal
cecn ,normal
c ,normal
kermit ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
su ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
connect ,normal
ps -a ,normal
connect ,normal
ps -a ,normal
clear ,normal
fair ,normal
kill.ppp ,normal
hangup ,normal
cecn ,normal
kill.ppp ,normal
cecn ,normal
cecn ,normal
hangup ,normal
kill.ppp ,normal
cecn ,normal
rlogin -l ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
rwho ,normal
ls ,normal
telnet ,normal
cat ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
fair ,normal
ftp ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
source ,normal
cd ,normal
source ,normal
source ,normal
> ,normal
source ,normal
> ,normal
& ,normal
cat ,normal
source ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
source ,normal
z ,normal
slirp ,normal
dir ,normal
cecn ,normal
kill.ppp ,normal
kermit ,normal
engage.ppp ,normal
date ,normal
X ,normal
exit ,normal
who ,normal
w ,normal
talk ,normal
60 ,normal
talk ,normal
fg ,normal
w ,normal
cat ,normal
who ,normal
telnet ,normal
man ,normal
ftp ,normal
ftp ,normal
ftp ,normal
ftp ,normal
cat ,normal
less ,normal
jove ,normal
who ,normal
w ,normal
slirp ,normal
ftp ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
dir ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
chfn ,normal
chfn ,normal
chfn ,normal
clear ,normal
kill.ppp ,normal
kermit ,normal
kermit ,normal
kermit ,normal
c ,normal
kermit ,normal
kill.ppp ,normal
kermit ,normal
kill.ppp ,normal
kermit ,normal
cecn ,normal
kernit ,normal
kermit ,normal
cecn ,normal
a ,normal
ncftp -u ,normal
clear ,normal
su ,normal
su ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
talk ,normal
who ,normal
w ,normal
talk ,normal
clera ,normal
clear ,normal
ftp ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
cd ,normal
ci ,normal
less ,normal
rm ,normal
rm -f ,normal
co -l ,normal
ci ,normal
co ,normal
co ,normal
co ,normal
cd ,normal
head ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
tail -f ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
tail -f ,normal
cd ,normal
ruptime ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
ls ,normal
su ,normal
kermit ,normal
z ,normal
kermit ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
su ,normal
z ,normal
slirp ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
latex ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
latex ,normal
md ,normal
cd ,normal
mv ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
latex ,normal
latex ,normal
latex ,normal
latex ,normal
dvips ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
zx ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
co ,normal
co -l ,normal
jove ,normal
vi ,normal
co -l ,normal
jove ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
less ,normal
tail ,normal
hed ,normal
head ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
tail ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
tail ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
tail ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
X ,normal
ncftp -u ,normal
ncftp -u ,normal
ftp ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ftp ,normal
z ,normal
s ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
unrm ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
z ,normal
who ,normal
ps -guxa | grep ,normal
kill ,normal
su ,normal
su ,normal
clear ,normal
netstat ,normal
man ,normal
netstat -i ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
z ,normal
r ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
netstat -i ,normal
man ,normal
netstat -i ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
WHO ,normal
who ,normal
w ,normal
dir ,normal
ps -ef | grep ,normal
ps -ef | less ,normal
ps -ef | grep ,normal
ps -ef | grep -i ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
ls ,normal
head ,normal
co ,normal
co ,normal
jove ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
fg ,normal
exit ,normal
cd ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
less ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
matlab ,normal
runmat ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
tail ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
tail ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
tail ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
runmat ,normal
runmat ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
tail ,normal
kill ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
tail ,normal
exit ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
more ,normal
r ,normal
cat ,normal
ct ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ftp ,normal
cd ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
ftp ,normal
cd ,normal
ftp ,normal
telnet ,normal
ftp ,normal
chmod ,normal
chmod ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
telnet ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
kill -9 ,normal
ks ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
tail ,normal
z ,normal
su ,normal
exit ,normal
su ,normal
su ,normal
exit ,normal
ps -guxa | grep ,normal
killall ,normal
killall ,normal
ps -guxa | grep ,normal
killall ,normal
clear ,normal
killall ,normal
ps -guxa | grep ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ftp ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
ckear ,normal
clear ,normal
netstat -i ,normal
netstat -i ,normal
netstat -i ,normal
netstat -i ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
grep ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
man ,normal
man ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
netstat -i ,normal
netstat -i ,normal
netstat -i ,normal
dir ,normal
dir ,normal
dir ,normal
dir ,normal
clear ,normal
man ,normal
man ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
unzip ,normal
man ,normal
unzip -l ,normal
kill.ppp ,normal
hangup ,normal
su ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
talk ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
r ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
rwho ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
rwho ,normal
f ,normal
telnet ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
dc ,normal
bc ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
ssu ,normal
su ,normal
z ,normal
su ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ftp ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
clear ,normal
exit ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
cd ,normal
dir ,normal
quit ,normal
z ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
z ,normal
fg ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
cat ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
tail ,normal
clear ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
less ,normal
cat ,normal
vi ,normal
h ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
cat ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
reboot ,normal
z ,normal
cecn ,normal
kill.ppp ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
su ,normal
cecn ,normal
ncftp -u ,normal
clear ,normal
who ,normal
rwho ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
z ,normal
su ,normal
z ,normal
su ,normal
z ,normal
cecn ,normal
cecn ,normal
telnet ,normal
kill.ppp ,normal
z ,normal
cecn ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
slirp ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
lh ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ftp ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
s ,normal
mai ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
lh ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
dir ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
jove ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
tty ,normal
clear ,normal
who ,normal
w ,normal
write ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
z ,normal
talk ,normal
talk ,normal
talk ,normal
f ,normal
X ,normal
z ,normal
finger ,normal
finger ,normal
finger ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
ftp ,normal
ncftp -u ,normal
clear ,normal
who ,normal
f ,normal
w ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
mail ,normal
talk ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
talk ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
talk ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
co -l ,normal
jove ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
fg ,normal
jove ,normal
clear ,normal
jove ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
j ,normal
fg ,normal
ls ,normal
j ,normal
kill ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
fg ,normal
j ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
j ,normal
fg ,normal
j ,normal
ps ,normal
fg ,normal
j ,normal
clear ,normal
cp ,normal
vi ,normal
clear ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
z ,normal
f ,normal
cat ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
vi ,normal
mv ,normal
jove ,normal
chmod ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
kill ,normal
rm ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
dir ,normal
cat ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
cat ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
setenv ,normal
rm ,normal
bg ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
rm ,normal
dir ,normal
j ,normal
cat ,normal
clear ,normal
j ,normal
bg ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
clear ,normal
rm ,normal
j ,normal
clear ,normal
j ,normal
kill ,normal
kill ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
fg ,normal
bg ,normal
clear ,normal
j ,normal
j ,normal
ls ,normal
more ,normal
q ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
clear ,normal
f ,normal
clear ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
j ,normal
fg ,normal
bg ,normal
kill ,normal
kill ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
j ,normal
kill ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
j ,normal
j ,normal
clear ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
dir ,normal
dir ,normal
dir ,normal
ftp ,normal
clear ,normal
cat ,normal
source ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
their_set ,normal
& ,normal
their_set ,normal
& ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
fg ,normal
co -l ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
runmat ,normal
cat ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
cat ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
vi ,normal
their_set ,normal
& ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
s ,normal
their_set ,normal
& ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
more ,normal
more ,normal
more ,normal
cat ,normal
more ,normal
h ,normal
cont ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ftp ,normal
cd ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
their_set ,normal
& ,normal
their_set ,normal
& ,normal
matlab ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
wc -l ,normal
less ,normal
wc -l ,normal
elm -s ,normal
< ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
touch ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
r -l ,normal
X ,normal
rm ,normal
ps ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ftp ,normal
ftp ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
their_set ,normal
& ,normal
tail ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
their_set ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
fg ,normal
their_set ,normal
& ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
z ,normal
fg ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
matlab ,normal
their_set ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
j ,normal
less ,normal
their_set ,normal
& ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
cd ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
grep ,normal
more ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
cat ,normal
cd ,normal
cat ,normal
co ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
display ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
cat ,normal
their_set ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
j ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
j ,normal
j ,normal
ls ,normal
jcat ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
their_set ,normal
& ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
z ,normal
vi ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
vmstat ,normal
vmstat ,normal
vmstat ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
display ,normal
display ,normal
ls ,normal
display ,normal
ls ,normal
display ,normal
clear ,normal
vmstat ,normal
z ,normal
sd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
display ,normal
display ,normal
display ,normal
display ,normal
display ,normal
display ,normal
exit ,normal
cecn ,normal
kill.ppp ,normal
engage.ppp ,normal
ping ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
slirp ,normal
mail ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
vmstat ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
z ,normal
clear ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
mail ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
z ,normal
cecn ,normal
clear ,normal
kill.ppp ,normal
hangup ,normal
z ,normal
slirp ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
z ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
cd ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
z ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
s\ps -fu ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
less ,normal
more ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
cecn ,normal
kermit ,normal
clear ,normal
reset ,normal
z ,normal
slirp ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
rlogin -l ,normal
pwd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ftp ,normal
ls ,normal
unix2dox ,normal
> ,normal
unix2dos ,normal
> ,normal
ls ,normal
kermit ,normal
kermit ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
telnet ,normal
engage.ppp ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
mail ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
cd ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
talk ,normal
f ,normal
tw ,normal
w ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
who ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ftp ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
z ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
z ,normal
x ,normal
X ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
zz ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
du ,normal
cd ,normal
du ,normal
df -k ,normal
du -k ,normal
du -m ,normal
du -k ,normal
cd ,normal
du -k ,normal
cd ,normal
du ,normal
du - ,normal
du -k ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
grep ,normal
grep ,normal
grep | cut -d ,normal
-f2- ,normal
grep | cut -d ,normal
-f2- ,normal
> ,normal
grep | cut -d ,normal
-f2- ,normal
> ,normal
grep | cut -d ,normal
-f2- ,normal
> ,normal
ls ,normal
grep | cut -d ,normal
-f2- ,normal
> ,normal
grep | cut -d ,normal
-f2- ,normal
> ,normal
grep | cut -d ,normal
-f2- ,normal
> ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
chmod ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
co -l ,normal
vi ,normal
clear ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
mv ,normal
display ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
co -l ,normal
jove ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
at ,normal
cat ,normal
jove ,normal
cat ,normal
jove ,normal
jove ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
uptime ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
renice -19 ,normal
j ,normal
man ,normal
renice -19 -p ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
renice ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
wc -l ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
run ,normal
run ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
renice ,normal
renice ,normal
cd ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
tail ,normal
rm ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
1 ,normal
clear ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
renice -19 -p ,normal
renice -19 -p ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
j ,normal
renice -19 ,normal
man ,normal
man ,normal
man ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
renice -19 ,normal
renice ,normal
renice ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
renice -19 ,normal
renice ,normal
renice -19 ,normal
renice ,normal
renice ,normal
renice ,normal
renice ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
display ,normal
& ,normal
display ,normal
& ,normal
display ,normal
& ,normal
kill ,normal
display ,normal
& ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
display ,normal
& ,normal
display ,normal
& ,normal
display ,normal
display ,normal
xs ,normal
cd ,normal
telnet ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
dir ,normal
cd ,normal
; ,normal
clear ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
mail ,normal
cd ,normal
dir ,normal
cd ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
pushd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
slirp ,normal
cd ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
clear ,normal
who ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
talk ,normal
clera ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
ph ,normal
clear ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
cat ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
j ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
; ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
; ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
clear ,normal
; ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
z ,normal
<GENSYM:3> ,normal
cd ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
clear ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
j ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
; ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
clear ,normal
; ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
clear ,normal
; ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
f77 ,normal
quota ,normal
quota -v ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
f77 ,normal
ftp ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
who ,normal
ps ,normal
ps ,normal
f ,normal
rm ,normal
z ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
ls ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
exit ,normal
X ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
display ,normal
xloxk ,normal
xlock ,normal
clear ,normal
f ,normal
z ,normal
clear ,normal
su ,normal
z ,normal
su ,normal
z ,normal
ucd ,normal
clear ,normal
telnet ,normal
rlogin ,normal
rlogin ,normal
r ,normal
clea ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
r ,normal
killall ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
su ,normal
slirp ,normal
slirp ,normal
cecn ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
chear ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
r ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
50 ,normal
mail ,normal
main ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
cat | cut -d -f1 | uniq ,normal
cat | cut -d -f1 | sort -u ,normal
cat | cut -d -f2 | sort -u ,normal
cat | cut -d -f2 | less ,normal
cat | cut -d -f2 | wc -l ,normal
man ,normal
man ,normal
matlab ,normal
man ,normal
man ,normal
runmat | less ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
less ,normal
cd ,normal
setenv ,normal
setenv ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cp ,normal
` ,normal
which ,normal
` ,normal
cp ,normal
` ,normal
which ,normal
` ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
exit ,normal
mail ,normal
stty ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
lh ,normal
ping ,normal
telnet ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
which ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
nawk ,normal
nawk ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
cd ,normal
mv ,normal
jove ,normal
vi ,normal
jove ,normal
cd ,normal
chmod ,normal
vi ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
X ,normal
finger ,normal
finger ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
clear ,normal
f ,normal
cecn ,normal
cecn ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
cd ,normal
ld ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
which ,normal
hangup ,normal
z ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
route ,normal
man ,normal
man ,normal
route ,normal
route -v ,normal
route ,normal
clear ,normal
ping ,normal
ping ,normal
killall ,normal
killall ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
cd ,normal
ping ,normal
z ,normal
r ,normal
r ,normal
z ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
mail ,normal
24 ,normal
clear ,normal
<GENSYM:5> ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
~ ,normal
clear ,normal
h ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
newmail ,normal
clear ,normal
f ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
wc -l ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
lh ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
clear ,normal
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ,normal
z ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
z ,normal
telnet ,normal
clear ,normal
cat ,normal
CLEAR ,normal
clear ,normal
su ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
man ,normal
clear ,normal
man ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
cd ,normal
r ,normal
z ,normal
vi ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
ph ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
clear ,normal
a ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
z ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
ls ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
su ,normal
su ,normal
z ,normal
man ,normal
man ,normal
man ,normal
z ,normal
elm ,normal
elm ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
XS ,normal
X ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
f ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ftp ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
clera ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
ca ,normal
cat ,normal
nawk -f ,normal
nawk -f ,normal
nawk -f ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
zz ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
ph ,normal
mail ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
lname ,normal
ph ,normal
lname ,normal
lname -d ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
lname -d ,normal
ph ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
setenv ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
which ,normal
rehash ,normal
mail ,normal
chmod ,normal
cd ,normal
chmod ,normal
clear ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
wc -l ,normal
wc -l ,normal
cat ,normal
cat | grep ,normal
cat | grep | cut -d ,normal
-f5- ,normal
cat | grep | cut -d ,normal
-f5- ,normal
> ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
cat ,normal
cat | grep ,normal
cat | grep | cut -d ,normal
-f5- ,normal
cat | grep | cut -d ,normal
-f5- ,normal
cat | grep | cut -d ,normal
-f5- ,normal
> ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
ls ,normal
man ,normal
patch ,normal
< ,normal
cd ,normal
patch ,normal
< ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
make ,normal
make ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
make ,normal
make ,normal
less ,normal
make ,normal
make ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
chmod ,normal
ls ,normal
chmod ,normal
ls ,normal
pushd ,normal
pushd ,normal
which ,normal
lyx ,normal
popd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
setenv ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
ls ,normal
cp ,normal
gzip -dc | tar - ,normal
cd ,normal
configure ,normal
configure ,normal
--help ,normal
configure ,normal
--with-extra-inc ,normal
configure ,normal
--with-extra-inc ,normal
configure ,normal
--with-extra-inc ,normal
configure ,normal
make ,normal
make ,normal
vi ,normal
make ,normal
config ,normal
make ,normal
make ,normal
gid ,normal
user ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
cd ,normal
make ,normal
make ,normal
clear ,normal
Z ,normal
CLEAR ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
mai ,normal
mail ,normal
m ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
ls ,normal
dit ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
dir ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
cd ,normal
X ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
elm ,normal
lh ,normal
m ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
elm ,normal
elm ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
less ,normal
matlab ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
mailx ,normal
< ,normal
cd ,normal
s ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
60 ,normal
mail ,normal
f ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
mkdri ,normal
mkdir ,normal
cp ,normal
cd ,normal
mail ,normal
<GENSYM:7> ,normal
f ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
lh ,normal
clear ,normal
ping ,normal
a ,normal
tset ,normal
set ,normal
telnet ,normal
ewmail ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
z ,normal
r ,normal
r -l ,normal
z ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
xhost ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
man ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
rlogin -l ,normal
z ,normal
exit ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
xhost ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
zz ,normal
z ,normal
rlogin -l ,normal
z ,normal
who ,normal
exit ,normal
mail ,normal
man ,normal
mail ,normal
lh ,normal
elm ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
man ,normal
man ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
nawk -f ,normal
nawk -f ,normal
> ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
ls ,normal
rmdir ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
q ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ci -l ,normal
ls ,normal
ci ,normal
dir ,normal
ls ,normal
co ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
mkdri ,normal
mkdir ,normal
ci ,normal
co ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
nawk -f ,normal
> ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
wc -l ,normal
cat | sort -u ,normal
cat | sort -u ,normal
> ,normal
wc -l ,normal
wc -l ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
cp ,normal
cd ,normal
cat ,normal
> ,normal
jove ,normal
rm ,normal
s ,normal
ls ,normal
man ,normal
mailx -r -s ,normal
` ,normal
cat ,normal
` ,normal
< ,normal
vi ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
exit ,normal
source ,normal
z ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnewt ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
newmail ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
f ,normal
quit ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
ph ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
cd ,normal
ftp ,normal
telnet ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
talk ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
> ,normal
less ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
less ,normal
elm ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
25 ,normal
24 ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
ftp ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
exit ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
slirp ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
lh ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
lh ,normal
mail ,normal
lh ,normal
mail ,normal
touch ,normal
chmod ,normal
newmail ,normal
> ,normal
& ,normal
rm ,normal
unrm ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
mail ,normal
ps ,normal
ps -guxa ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
newmail ,normal
which ,normal
mail ,normal
exit ,normal
newmail ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
24 ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
newmail ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
qz ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
25 ,normal
mail ,normal
newmail ,normal
f ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
du ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
tar ,normal
cd ,normal
gzip -d ,normal
gzip -9 ,normal
bg ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
bg ,normal
quota -v ,normal
cp ,normal
quota -v ,normal
cd ,normal
s ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
from ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
rm ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
f ,normal
telnet ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
mail ,normal
f ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
xlock ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
lh ,normal
clera ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
50 ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
r -l ,normal
mail ,normal
lh ,normal
mail ,normal
lh ,normal
finger ,normal
exit ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
cd ,normal
cd.. ,normal
cd ,normal
mail ,normal
mv ,normal
cd ,normal
less ,normal
mail ,normal
lh ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
X ,normal
ftp ,normal
s ,normal
cd ,normal
cat ,normal
> ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
> ,normal
vi ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
xhost ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
cd ,normal
ci ,normal
co ,normal
jove ,normal
jove ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
ruptime ,normal
rwho ,normal
ruptime ,normal
co ,normal
rwho ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
grep ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
co ,normal
co ,normal
cat ,normal
co ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
matlab ,normal
sd ,normal
matlab ,normal
newgrp ,normal
newgrp ,normal
newgrp ,normal
source ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
source ,normal
Erase ,normal
clear ,normal
source ,normal
Erase ,normal
clear ,normal
lh ,normal
m ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
newmail ,normal
clear ,normal
xhost ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
vi ,normal
clear ,normal
vi ,normal
clear ,normal
f ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
who ,normal
talk ,normal
ewxit ,normal
exit ,normal
mail ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
jove ,normal
clear ,normal
jove ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
lh ,normal
X ,normal
rm ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ftp ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
elm -f ,normal
elm -f ,normal
elm -f ,normal
clear ,normal
s ,normal
cd ,normal
s ,normal
s ,normal
s ,normal
rwho ,normal
s ,normal
jove ,normal
rm ,normal
clear ,normal
cat ,normal
vi ,normal
cat ,normal
mv ,normal
vi ,normal
s ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
s ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
cat ,normal
> ,normal
fg ,normal
ispell ,normal
rm ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
jove ,normal
who ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
who ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
X ,normal
rm ,normal
rm ,normal
clear ,normal
ftp ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
chmod ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
dir | grep ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
dir | grep ,normal
rm ,normal
dir | grep ,normal
chmod ,normal
chmod ,normal
chmod ,normal
chmod ,normal
ls ,normal
dir | grep ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
chmod ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
chmod -R ,normal
dir ,normal
dir ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
chmod -R ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
cd ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
z ,normal
vi ,normal
elm ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
25 ,normal
24 ,normal
mail ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
s ,normal
s ,normal
m ,normal
vi ,normal
m ,normal
unalias ,normal
source ,normal
a ,normal
m ,normal
talk ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
cd ,normal
dir ,normal
clear ,normal
dir ,normal
cd ,normal
source ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
dir ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
who ,normal
z ,normal
who ,normal
z ,normal
rwho ,normal
who ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
X ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
, ,normal
m ,normal
ls ,normal
lh ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
xhost ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
rm ,normal
& ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
ld ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
dir ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
gzip -9 ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
elm ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
xhost ,normal
xhost ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
24 ,normal
25 ,normal
talk ,normal
newmaiol ,normal
newmail ,normal
clear ,normal
dir ,normal
m] ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
50 ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
xhost ,normal
xhost - ,normal
celar ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
50 ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
talk ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
X ,normal
talk ,normal
lh ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
rm ,normal
rm ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
q ,normal
cd ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
fg ,normal
clear ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
xhost ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
xsetbg ,normal
xsetbg -zoom ,normal
xsetbg -zoom ,normal
xsetbg -zoom ,normal
xsetbg -zoom ,normal
xsetbg -zoom ,normal
xsetbg -zoom ,normal
xsetbg ,normal
& ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
z ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
ls -la ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
mail ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
talk ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
talk ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
m ,normal
fg ,normal
clear ,normal
mesg ,normal
clear ,normal
new ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
mm ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ps -ef | less ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
man -k ,normal
ph ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
X ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
man -k ,normal
man -k ,normal
man -k ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
co -l ,normal
jove ,normal
lh ,normal
xhost ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
rwho ,normal
ls ,normal
talk ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
60 ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
talk ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
telnet ,normal
m ,normal
f ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
slirp ,normal
25 ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
clear ,normal
X ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
kill -9 ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
fg ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
co -l ,normal
co -l ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
ls ,normal
grep ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
setenv ,normal
rm ,normal
rm -f ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ld ,normal
ls ,normal
mailx ,normal
< ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
r ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
more ,normal
ls ,normal
more ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
vi ,normal
z ,normal
elm ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
elm ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
elm ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
z ,normal
clear ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
less ,normal
more ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
newmail ,normal
mail ,normal
h ,normal
lh ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
e ,normal
newgrp ,normal
newgrp ,normal
newgrp ,normal
source ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
xs ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
source ,normal
clear ,normal
source ,normal
clear ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
ph ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
vi ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rcsdiff ,normal
ci -l ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
Erase ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cp ,normal
cd ,normal
chmod ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
clear ,normal
cat ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
cat ,normal
cd ,normal
cat ,normal
z ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
X ,normal
talk ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
f ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
clear ,normal
lh ,normal
f ,normal
lynx ,normal
kill ,normal
kill -9 ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
r -l ,normal
r -l ,normal
r -l ,normal
exit ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
g ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
talk ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
talk ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
mail ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
JARTool ,normal
mkdir ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ftp ,normal
X ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
display ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
more ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
more ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
setenv ,normal
rm ,normal
bg ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
<GENSYM:9> ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
more ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mail ,normal
lh ,normal
cd ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
less ,normal
X ,normal
cd ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
talk ,normal
talk ,normal
who ,normal
talk ,normal
talk ,normal
w ,normal
talk ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
newmail ,normal
X ,normal
xcalc ,normal
& ,normal
xhost ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
bc ,normal
dc ,normal
bc ,normal
man ,normal
man ,normal
xcalc ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cp ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
z ,normal
sd ,normal
cd ,normal
matlab ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
bc -l ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
mkdri ,normal
mkdir ,normal
mkdir ,normal
mv ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
setenv ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ks ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
la ,normal
ka ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
clear ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
newmail ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
f ,normal
cler ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
cat ,normal
>> ,normal
rm ,normal
cd ,normal
mail ,normal
clera ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
w ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
setenv ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
setenv ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
mkdir ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
r ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
Erase ,normal
clera ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
Erase ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
mail ,normal
fg ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
dir ,normal
gaip -dc | less ,normal
gzip -dc | less ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
m ,normal
talk ,normal
talk ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
z ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
clear ,normal
mv ,normal
cd ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
s ,normal
clear ,normal
which ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
chmod ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
newgrp ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
z ,normal
source ,normal
z ,normal
telnet ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
ftp ,normal
cd ,normal
cat ,normal
telnet ,normal
ftp ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
49 ,normal
sr ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
sz ,normal
newmail ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
more ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cp ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
matlab ,normal
cd ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
cat | mailx ,normal
jove ,normal
clear ,normal
dir ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
sd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
matlab ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cp ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
pushd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
setenv ,normal
less ,normal
man ,normal
man ,normal
cd ,normal
vi ,normal
s ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
pwd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ks ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
my_set ,normal
& ,normal
hunt ,normal
talk ,normal
m ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
slirp ,normal
clera ,normal
clear ,normal
slirp ,normal
m ,normal
elm ,normal
telnet ,normal
sl ,normal
ls ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
elm ,normal
elm ,normal
talk ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
talk ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
z ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
ps ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
latex ,normal
latex ,normal
latex ,normal
mailx -s ,normal
< ,normal
dvips -f ,normal
dvips ,normal
ls ,normal
mailx -s ,normal
< ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
elm ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
z ,normal
xhost ,normal
z ,normal
telnet ,normal
clear ,normal
lh ,normal
<GENSYM:11> ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
traceroute ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
r, ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
dir ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
source ,normal
cd ,normal
s ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
clear ,normal
xcalc ,normal
& ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
ls ,normal
xhost ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
stty ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
quit ,normal
z ,normal
logout ,normal
exit ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
telnet ,normal
clear ,normal
finger ,normal
finger ,normal
r ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
talk ,normal
rwho ,normal
r ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
sr ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
sz ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
xhost ,normal
z ,normal
exit ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
> ,normal
cat ,normal
> ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
sd ,normal
matlab ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
matlab ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
cat ,normal
> ,normal
cat ,normal
> ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
xhost ,normal
lh ,normal
w ,normal
write ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
mailx ,normal
< ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
cler ,normal
newmail ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ftp ,normal
ftp ,normal
ftp ,normal
ftp ,normal
ftp ,normal
m ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
newmail ,normal
clear ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
lh ,normal
lh ,normal
X ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
r ,normal
kill ,normal
r ,normal
telnet ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
telnet ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
tar ,normal
tar ,normal
cd ,normal
dir ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
tar ,normal
rm ,normal
rm ,normal
rm ,normal
tar ,normal
dir ,normal
gzip -9 ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
quota -v ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
telnet ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ftp ,normal
ftp ,normal
cd ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
rlogin -l ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
xhost ,normal
xhost ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cp ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cp ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cp ,normal
z ,normal
rlogin -l ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
lp -dmsl22 ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
mailx -s ,normal
< ,normal
mailx -s ,normal
< ,normal
mailx -s ,normal
< ,normal
tar ,normal
tar ,normal
ls ,normal
gzip -9 ,normal
ls ,normal
uuencode ,normal
> ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
dir ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
mailx -s ,normal
< ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
lpr -dmsl22 ,normal
lp -dmsl22 ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
newmail ,normal
mail ,normal
cd ,normal
grep ,normal
grep -i ,normal
lynx ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
ftp ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
ftp ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
tar ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
gzip -9 ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ftp ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
ftp ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
xpaint ,normal
c ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
xv ,normal
& ,normal
& ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls -la ,normal
cp ,normal
cd ,normal
cp ,normal
cp ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
rm ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
telnet ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
mailx -s ,normal
< ,normal
z ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
clear ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
lname ,normal
lname ,normal
lname ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
lname ,normal
<GENSYM:12> ,normal
lname ,normal
talk ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
f ,normal
m ,normal
cdls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
f ,normal
rm ,normal
X ,normal
finger ,normal
rm ,normal
mail ,normal
50 ,normal
m ,normal
sr ,normal
mail ,normal
sr35 ,normal
sr ,normal
mail ,normal
lh ,normal
telnet ,normal
m ,normal
lynx ,normal
z ,normal
50 ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
newmail ,normal
z ,normal
M ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
elm ,normal
lh ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
finger ,normal
xhost ,normal
lh ,normal
xhost ,normal
rlogin ,normal
rlogin -l ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
X ,normal
ls -la ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
50 ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
50 ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
talk ,normal
z ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
exit ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
m ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
ftp ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
xhost ,normal
z ,normal
x ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
sd ,normal
pine ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
s ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
who ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
talk ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
newmail ,normal
clear ,normal
lh ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
25 ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
f ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
talk ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
who ,normal
w ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
m ,normal
du ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
cd ,normal
du ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
mv ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ci -l ,normal
vi ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
mv ,normal
jove ,normal
ls ,normal
ci -l ,normal
. ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
jove ,normal
ci -l ,normal
mkdir ,normal
mv ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
chmod ,normal
chmod ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
ci -l ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
vi ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
f ,normal
telnet ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
cd ,normal
chmod ,normal
chmod ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
a ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
chmod ,normal
<GENSYM:13>/register ,normal
<GENSYM:13>/register ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
vi ,normal
z ,normal
f ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
newmail ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
dir ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
webinit ,normal
ls ,normal
r ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
chmod ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
mkdir ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ci -l ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
jove ,normal
cd ,normal
vi ,normal
jove ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
jove ,normal
jove ,normal
jove ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
ci -l ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ci -l ,normal
cd ,normal
ci -l ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ci ,normal
ls ,normal
co ,normal
dir ,normal
dir ,normal
dir ,normal
dir ,normal
dir ,normal
dir ,normal
dir ,normal
dir ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
mv ,normal
mkdir ,normal
rm ,normal
cd ,normal
ci -l ,normal
ls ,normal
chmod ,normal
cd ,normal
chmod ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
quota -v ,normal
du ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
convert ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
du ,normal
quota -v ,normal
cd ,normal
chmod ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
webinit ,normal
ls ,normal
tar ,normal
tar ,normal
rm ,normal
tar ,normal
gzip ,normal
gzip -d ,normal
gzip -9 ,normal
ls ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
ls ,normal
ln -s ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
gzip -dc | tar - ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
gzip -dc | tar - ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
ln -s ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
f ,normal
clear ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
ph ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
clera ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
x00X ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ks ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
cd ,normal
m ,normal
mail ,normal
gzip -dc | tar - ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
tar ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
jove ,normal
<GENSYM:14>/pagecount -m ,normal
cd ,normal
r ,normal
r ,normal
r ,normal
telnet ,normal
ftp ,normal
man ,normal
q ,normal
cd ,normal
pc ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
<GENSYM:15>/ ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
r ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
dir ,normal
rmow ,normal
r ,normal
clear ,normal
dir ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
co -l ,normal
jove ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
pgp -kxa ,normal
cat ,normal
cd ,normal
chmod ,normal
ls ,normal
co ,normal
jove ,normal
co ,normal
co -l ,normal
jove ,normal
less ,normal
cat ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
crypt ,normal
man ,normal
crypt ,normal
man ,normal
man -k ,normal
htpasswd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
chmod ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
la ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
jove ,normal
clear ,normal
chmod ,normal
du ,normal
bc ,normal
clear ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
f ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
chmod -R ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
chmod ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
chmod -R ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
du ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
telnet ,normal
clear ,normal
clear ,normal
telnet ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
man ,normal
<GENSYM:14>/pagecount -m ,normal
co -l ,normal
jove ,normal
ci ,normal
co ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
audiotool ,normal
bg ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls -lr ,normal
ls -lR ,normal
ls -lR ,normal
ls -lR | grep ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
pgp -ka ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
msn ,normal
man ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
pgp -h ,normal
pgp -sa ,normal
less ,normal
pgp -h ,normal
cat ,normal
clear ,normal
cat ,normal
ls ,normal
pgp -ka ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
pgp -k ,normal
pgp -kxa ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
pgp -kxa ,normal
mailx ,normal
< ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
pgp -k ,normal
man ,normal
pgp -kvc ,normal
ls ,normal
pgp -ka ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
pgp -kxa ,normal
ls ,normal
mailx ,normal
< ,normal
ph ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
pgp -ka ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
pgp -kxa ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
f ,normal
jove ,normal
pgp -h ,normal
pgp -ea ,normal
rm ,normal
pgp -h ,normal
pgp -esta ,normal
rm ,normal
clear ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
cat ,normal
> ,normal
pgp -ka ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
man ,normal
cd ,normal
man ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
fg ,normal
ls ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
dir ,normal
dir ,normal
pgp -k ,normal
pgp -krs ,normal
pgp -kcv ,normal
pgp -kcs ,normal
psp -k ,normal
pgp -k ,normal
man ,normal
pgp -kvc ,normal
pgp -ks ,normal
pgp -kxa ,normal
ls ,normal
mail ,normal
< ,normal
mailx ,normal
< ,normal
pgp -kvc ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
clear ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
pgp -ka ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
pgp -kxa | mailx ,normal
mailx ,normal
< ,normal
pgp -kxa ,normal
mailx ,normal
< ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
pgp -kxa ,normal
pgp -ka ,normal
pgp -kxa ,normal
mailx ,normal
< ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
pgp -kvc ,normal
ls ,normal
pgp -ka ,normal
pgp -kxa ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
set ,normal
vi ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
vi ,normal
pgp -ka ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
cat ,normal
> ,normal
pgp -ka ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
ls ,normal
pgp -ka ,normal
mail ,normal
q ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
pgp -kxa ,normal
ls ,normal
clera ,normal
clear ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
pgp -kxa ,normal
mail ,normal
< ,normal
mailx ,normal
< ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
clera ,normal
pgp -kcv ,normal
pgp -kvc ,normal
man ,normal
pgp -ke ,normal
pgp -ke ,normal
ls ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
man ,normal
pgp -h ,normal
vi ,normal
clear ,normal
pgp -ka ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
pgp -kxa ,normal
cd ,normal
vi ,normal
s ,normal
a ,normal
fkey ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
pgp -ka ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
pgp -kvvm ,normal
pgp -ka ,normal
pgp -kvvm ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
f ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
tail ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
co -l ,normal
jove ,normal
ci ,normal
co ,normal
z ,normal
xs ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
source ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
pgp -kxa ,normal
cd ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
lh ,normal
pgp -ka ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
mailx ,normal
< ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
pgp -kxa ,normal
mailx ,normal
< ,normal
lh ,normal
rm ,normal
pgp -kvvm ,normal
pgp -k ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
pgp -kxa ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
pgp -h ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
dir ,normal
unzip ,normal
unzip ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
clear ,normal
x ,normal
X ,normal
lynx -source ,normal
lynx -source ,normal
ph ,normal
setenv ,normal
setenv ,normal
setenv ,normal
unsetenv ,normal
setenv ,normal
ph ,normal
unsetenv ,normal
ph ,normal
lynx -source ,normal
lynx ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
co -l ,normal
co -l ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
jove ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
co -l ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
jove ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
co -l ,normal
ls ,normal
chmod ,normal
co -l ,normal
vi ,normal
jove ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
jove ,normal
vi ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
ph ,normal
r ,normal
m ,normal
vi ,normal
updatepgp ,normal
rehash ,normal
updatepgp ,normal
vi ,normal
updatepgp ,normal
vi ,normal
updatepgp ,normal
fg ,normal
updatepgp ,normal
fg ,normal
updatepgp ,normal
fg ,normal
ph ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
chmod ,normal
ci -l ,normal
X ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
cat ,normal
tr ,normal
cat | tr ,normal
cat | tr ,normal
sed ,normal
man ,normal
cat | sed ,normal
cat | sed ,normal
man ,normal
cat | awk ,normal
cat | awk ,normal
cat | awk ,normal
cat | awk ,normal
clear ,normal
updatepgp ,normal
updatepgp ,normal
telnet ,normal
ph ,normal
updatepgp ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
updatepgp ,normal
ph ,normal
updatepgp ,normal
ph ,normal
updatepgp ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ld ,normal
ls ,normal
updatepgp ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
updatepgp ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
m ,normal
pgp -kvv ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
grep ,normal
grep ,normal
man ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
jove ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
mailx ,normal
< ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
kill -9 ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
kill -9 ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
kill -HUP ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
kill -HUP ,normal
kill -HUP ,normal
kill -HUP ,normal
exit ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
elm ,normal
elm ,normal
z ,normal
slirp ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
talk ,normal
m ,normal
talk ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
nslookup ,normal
128.46.108.151 ,normal
cat ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
slirp ,normal
, ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
slirp ,normal
exit ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
talk ,normal
m ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
talk ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
ftp ,normal
cat ,normal
trn ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
a\lh ,normal
lh ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
pgp -kv ,normal
pgp -ks ,normal
pgp -kvvm ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
mail ,normal
mail ,normal
f ,normal
xhost ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
info ,normal
vi ,normal
cd ,normal
vi ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
ci -l ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
co -l ,normal
jove ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
co -l ,normal
jove ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
cp ,normal
lsd ,normal
ls ,normal
cp ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
60 ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
ls -lR ,normal
clear ,normal
exit ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
exit ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
clear ,normal
mail ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
ph ,normal
lname -daae ,normal
lname -d ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
quit ,normal
phkey ,normal
phkey ,normal
newmail ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mount ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
X ,normal
elm ,normal
lh ,normal
who ,normal
lh ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
X ,normal
lh ,normal
xhost ,normal
xhost ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
xhost ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
display ,normal
a ,normal
via ,normal
set ,normal
which ,normal
jove ,normal
jove ,normal
s ,normal
clear ,normal
display ,normal
display ,normal
display ,normal
clear ,normal
display ,normal
display ,normal
display ,normal
bg ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
jove ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ks ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
; ,normal
ls ,normal
display ,normal
display ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
xhost ,normal
lh ,normal
X ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cp ,normal
chmod ,normal
chmod ,normal
chgrp ,normal
m ,normal
xhost ,normal
netscape ,normal
netscape ,normal
quit ,normal
rlogin ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
display ,normal
& ,normal
ls ,normal
display ,normal
ls ,normal
display ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
clear ,normal
cat ,normal
z ,normal
25 ,normal
m ,normal
24 ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
chmod ,normal
chdom ,normal
chmod ,normal
cd ,normal
m ,normal
exit ,normal
cd ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
v ,normal
vi ,normal
cd ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
finger ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
xhost ,normal
xhost ,normal
clear ,normal
lh ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
X ,normal
xhost ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
ssinfo ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
lh ,normal
lh ,normal
m ,normal
qelm ,normal
elm ,normal
finger ,normal
rlogin -l ,normal
lh ,normal
lh ,normal
z ,normal
50 ,normal
m ,normal
f ,normal
who ,normal
w ,normal
f ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
50 ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
50 ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
logout ,normal
f ,normal
q ,normal
z ,normal
50 ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
ls ,normal
m ,normal
50 ,normal
m ,normal
telnet ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
date ,normal
telnet ,normal
exit ,normal
m ,normal
50 ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
50 ,normal
m ,normal
telnet ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
50 ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
50 ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
gold ,normal
logout ,normal
logout ,normal
f ,normal
z ,normal
50 ,normal
m ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
~ ,normal
sz ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
telnet ,normal
logout ,normal
logout ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rz ,normal
mv ,normal
rz ,normal
less ,normal
50 ,normal
clear ,normal
less ,normal
m -s ,normal
m ,normal
dos2unix ,normal
ls ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
50 ,normal
telnet ,normal
logout ,normal
logout ,normal
60 ,normal
50 ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
z ,normal
pine ,normal
alias ,normal
alias ,normal
pine ,normal
50 ,normal
pine ,normal
telnet ,normal
50 ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
50 ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
50 ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
50 ,normal
telnet ,normal
loogu ,normal
tlogout ,normal
logout ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
slirp ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
lh ,normal
ftp ,normal
who ,normal
rwho ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
talk ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
exit ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
grep -i ,normal
grep -i | grep -i ,normal
grep -i | grep -i ,normal
z ,normal
xhost ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
telnet ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
who ,normal
w ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
exut ,normal
z ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
clear ,normal
k ,normal
m ,normal
wclear ,normal
newmail ,normal
newmail ,normal
z ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
newmail ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
who ,normal
rwho ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
xhost ,normal
m ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
talk ,normal
m ,normal
f ,normal
newmail ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
chmod ,normal
m ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
f ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
bm ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
xhost ,normal
h ,normal
m ,normal
s ,normal
m ,normal
telnet ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
talk ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ln -s ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
xhost ,normal
m ,normal
ph ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ph ,normal
f ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
Gcd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
lpr -Pmsl22 ,normal
lpq ,normal
lpq -Pmls22 ,normal
lpq -Pmsl22 ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
Glpr -Pmsl22 ,normal
Glpr -Pmsl22 ,normal
lpr -Pmsl22 ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
lpq -Pmls22 ,normal
lpq -Pmsl22 ,normal
lp -dmsl22 ,normal
lpq -Pmsl22 ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
lwinfo ,normal
lwpages ,normal
lwinfo ,normal
lwinfo ,normal
lp -dmsl20 ,normal
lpq -Pmsl20 ,normal
lpq -Pmsl20 ,normal
lpq -Pmsl20 ,normal
lpq -Pmsl20 ,normal
lpq -Pmsl20 ,normal
lpq -Pmsl20 ,normal
date ,normal
jobs ,normal
lpq -Pmsl20 ,normal
sd ,normal
ghostview ,normal
ghostview ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
who ,normal
talk ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
24 ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
slirp ,normal
slirp ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
clear ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
who ,normal
w ,normal
f ,normal
talk ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
w ,normal
who ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
telnet ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
newmail ,normal
mail ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
where ,normal
where ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
slirp ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ping ,normal
exit ,normal
slirp ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
telent ,normal
telnet ,normal
ps -ef ,normal
psa ,normal
psa -u ,normal
ps -u ,normal
kill ,normal
ps -u ,normal
mail ,normal
clear ,normal
vi ,normal
mv ,normal
chmod ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
workman ,normal
bg ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
dimr ,normal
dir ,normal
dir | grep ,normal
rm ,normal
unrm ,normal
rm ,normal
cat ,normal
>> ,normal
rm ,normal
rm ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
stty ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
ftp ,normal
ftp ,normal
ftp ,normal
ftp ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
slirp ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
less ,normal
h ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
less ,normal
m ,normal
less ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
man ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
emacs ,normal
jove ,normal
bg ,normal
emacs ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
exit ,normal
z ,normal
exit ,normal
cd ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
clear ,normal
+ ,normal
( ,normal
1,864 ,normal
) ,normal
great ,normal
workamn ,normal
workman ,normal
r ,normal
z ,normal
ls ,normal
ps ,normal
psa ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
kill -9 ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
kill ,normal
kill -9 ,normal
z ,normal
engage.ppp ,normal
slirp ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ln -s ,normal
fg ,normal
cd ,normal
fg ,normal
less ,normal
KILL ,normal
FG ,normal
fg ,normal
m ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
gzip ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
fg ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
m ,normal
who ,normal
whoami ,normal
mail ,normal
w ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
kill -9 ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
ls ,normal
sd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
emacs ,normal
bg ,normal
latex ,normal
xdvi ,normal
exit ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
workman ,normal
psa | les ,normal
psa | less ,normal
emacs ,normal
super ,normal
r ,normal
r ,normal
super ,normal
less ,normal
super ,normal
less ,normal
r ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
w ,normal
last ,normal
z ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
display ,normal
display ,normal
clear ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
workman ,normal
workman ,normal
workman ,normal
bg ,normal
fg ,normal
j ,normal
kill ,normal
dir ,normal
workman ,normal
bg ,normal
clear ,normal
chmod ,normal
xlock -mode ,normal
vi ,normal
xrdb -merge ,normal
vi ,normal
xrdb -merge ,normal
vi ,normal
xrdb -merge ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
ls ,normal
cp ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
rm ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
cp ,normal
ls ,normal
ln -s ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
xdvi ,normal
& ,normal
latex ,normal
xdrb -merge ,normal
xrd -merge ,normal
xrdb -merge ,normal
ced ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
latex ,normal
latex ,normal
latex ,normal
vi ,normal
xrdb -merge ,normal
xrdb -merge ,normal
ls ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
kill ,normal
vi ,normal
xrdb -merge ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
man ,normal
vi ,normal
X ,normal
vi ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
xrdb -merge ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
X ,normal
editres ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
editres ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ftp ,normal
telnet ,normal
f ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
latex ,normal
xdvi ,normal
& ,normal
latex ,normal
latex ,normal
latex ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
latex ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
who ,normal
rwho ,normal
m ,normal
slirp ,normal
m ,normal
h ,normal
newmail ,normal
rwho ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
ftp ,normal
sl ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
find -name -print ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
gzip -d ,normal
ls ,normal
finger ,normal
finger ,normal
finger ,normal
finger ,normal
finger ,normal
finger ,normal
finger ,normal
clear ,normal
xlock -mode ,normal
d ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
xdvi ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
ls ,normal
echo ,normal
echo ,normal
set ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
display ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
z ,normal
exit ,normal
telnet ,normal
clear ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
m ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
X ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
newmail ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
display ,normal
display ,normal
display ,normal
display ,normal
ls ,normal
display ,normal
display ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
rm ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
xdvi ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
vi ,normal
less ,normal
vi ,normal
f ,normal
vi ,normal
pine ,normal
m ,normal
vi ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
vi ,normal
m ,normal
touch ,normal
f ,normal
ls~ ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
xlock -mode ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
xdvi ,normal
& ,normal
xdvi ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
xdvi ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
ph ,normal
m ,normal
df -k ,normal
xlear ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
vi ,normal
z ,normal
which ,normal
which ,normal
man ,normal
which ,normal
which ,normal
quota ,normal
quota -v ,normal
df -k ,normal
exit ,normal
m ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
ftp ,normal
bg ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
mail ,normal
X ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
m ,normal
xlock -mode ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
xdvi ,normal
& ,normal
dvips -o ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
xdvi ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
xdvi ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
dvips -o ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
dvips -o ,normal
lp -d ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
xdvi ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
dvips -o ,normal
ls ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
vi ,normal
clear ,normal
vi ,normal
mv ,normal
clear ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
xlock -mode ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
xlock -mode ,normal
clear ,normal
xlock -mode ,normal
man -k ,normal
lwinfo ,normal
lwinfo ,normal
lwinfo ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ftp ,normal
vi ,normal
fg ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
xv ,normal
& ,normal
which ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
ps ,normal
ps -ef ,normal
ps -ef | grep ,normal
kill ,normal
ls ,normal
ps -ef | grep ,normal
emacs ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
dvips -o ,normal
ftp ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
50 ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
cd ,normal
rz ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ks ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
mkdir ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
chmod ,normal
mv ,normal
tar - | ( ,normal
cd ,normal
; ,normal
tar - ,normal
) ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
mkdir ,normal
mkdir ,normal
ls ,normal
chmod ,normal
ls ,normal
rmdir ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
rmdir ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cp ,normal
rm ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
mkdir ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
chmod ,normal
chmod ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
chmod ,normal
chmod ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
xv ,normal
bg ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
m ,normal
xsetbg ,normal
netscape -install ,normal
& ,normal
xsetbg ,normal
z ,normal
clear ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ci ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
y ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
lr ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
<GENSYM:16>/ ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
unrm ,normal
rmdir ,normal
mv ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cat | xargs ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
which ,normal
where ,normal
where ,normal
emacsclient ,normal
bg ,normal
clear ,normal
man ,normal
man ,normal
clear ,normal
emacs ,normal
z ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
cd ,normal
l ,normal
; ,normal
s ,normal
ls ,normal
grep ,normal
> ,normal
less ,normal
grep ,normal
> ,normal
less ,normal
cut -f8 ,normal
cut ,normal
-c55-75 ,normal
cut ,normal
-c57-75 ,normal
cut ,normal
-c57-80 ,normal
cut ,normal
-c57-80 ,normal
> ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
m ,normal
netscape -install ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
m ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
x ,normal
SX ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
n ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
, ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
vi ,normal
where ,normal
<GENSYM:17>/netscape ,normal
clear ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
r ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
mv ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
where ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
psa | less ,normal
pine ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
jove -r ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
less ,normal
vi ,normal
clear ,normal
vi ,normal
cat ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
clear ,normal
xlock -mode ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
xlock -mode ,normal
m ,normal
24 ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
psa | grep ,normal
psa | less ,normal
wall ,normal
man ,normal
super ,normal
X ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
grep ,normal
mail ,normal
cat ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
elm ,normal
ls ,normal
pine ,normal
cat ,normal
m ,normal
vi ,normal
cd ,normal
s ,normal
ls ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
ls ,normal
ftp ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
vi ,normal
jove ,normal
jove ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
vi ,normal
mv ,normal
jove ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
jove ,normal
cat ,normal
vi ,normal
ls ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
ls ,normal
mailx ,normal
< ,normal
clear ,normal
man ,normal
clear ,normal
vi ,normal
mailx -s ,normal
< ,normal
mailx -s ,normal
< ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
where ,normal
which ,normal
where ,normal
celar ,normal
z ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
ls ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
cd ,normal
mail ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
pine ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
newmail ,normal
z ,normal
newmail ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
cat ,normal
sd ,normal
sd ,normal
emacs ,normal
& ,normal
ls ,normal
j ,normal
kill ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
m ,normal
ps -ef ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
kill ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
j ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
last ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
ping ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
NEWMAIL ,normal
newmail ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
uptime ,normal
m ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
emacs ,normal
man ,normal
set ,normal
emacs ,normal
unset ,normal
set ,normal
emacs ,normal
set ,normal
set ,normal
emacs ,normal
setenv ,normal
unsetenv ,normal
emacs ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
matlab ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
newmail ,normal
pushd ,normal
jove ,normal
jove ,normal
popd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
who ,normal
ho ,normal
who ,normal
w ,normal
rwho ,normal
talk ,normal
where ,normal
which ,normal
which ,normal
where ,normal
<GENSYM:18>/talk ,normal
<GENSYM:18>/talk ,normal
reset ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
cd ,normal
less ,normal
emacs ,normal
hi ,normal
exit ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
f ,normal
f ,normal
m ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
m ,normal
slirp ,normal
m ,normal
f ,normal
who ,normal
talk ,normal
write ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
newmail ,normal
who ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
unsetenv ,normal
emacs ,normal
z ,normal
who ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
ls ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
h ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
newmail ,normal
X ,normal
nxterm ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
m ,normal
xlock -mode ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
slirp ,normal
slirp ,normal
m ,normal
24 ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
grep -v ,normal
& ,normal
grep -i ,normal
cd ,normal
m ,normal
vi ,normal
m ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
m ,normal
touch ,normal
m ,normal
ls ,normal
l ,normal
; ,normal
s ,normal
ls ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
vi ,normal
pine ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
xlock -mode ,normal
xlock -mode ,normal
elm -f ,normal
ci ,normal
vi ,normal
vi ,normal
clear ,normal
ps ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
kill -9 ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
lwstat ,normal
lw ,normal
man -k ,normal
lwinfo ,normal
lwinfo ,normal
lwinfo ,normal
lwinfo ,normal
lwinfo ,normal
lpr -Pmsl22 ,normal
elm ,normal
-f=hamlin ,normal
cd ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
xdvi ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
xdvi ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
xdvi ,normal
& ,normal
xdvi ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
xdvi ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
cd ,normal
latex ,normal
dvips -o ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
grep ,normal
cd ,normal
z ,normal
matlab ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
matlab ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
vi ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
mv ,normal
mv ,normal
unrm ,normal
flost ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
setenv ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
du ,normal
df ,normal
df -l ,normal
df -l ,normal
df -k ,normal
df -kl ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
matlab ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
who ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
df -k ,normal
trouble ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
man ,normal
man ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cp ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
ftp ,normal
cd ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
ls ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mailx ,normal
< ,normal
ls ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
slirp ,normal
m ,normal
new ,normal
newmail ,normal
z ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
xhost ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
xlock -mode ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
setenv ,normal
sd ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
df -k ,normal
trouble ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
25 ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
lock ,normal
locktty ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
25 ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
newmail ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
newmail ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
m ,normal
ps ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
slirp ,normal
m ,normal
chmod ,normal
chmod ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
who ,normal
talk ,normal
talk ,normal
who ,normal
rwho ,normal
write ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
less ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
newmail ,normal
rwho | gre ,normal
rwho | grep ,normal
who ,normal
rwho ,normal
f ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
ps ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
xsetbg ,normal
vi ,normal
clear ,normal
xlock -mode ,normal
rm ,normal
cd ,normal
cmap ,normal
xcmap ,normal
gzip -dc | less ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
z ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
M ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
dir ,normal
dir ,normal
dir ,normal
mail ,normal
rm ,normal
clear ,normal
ps ,normal
newmail ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
xlock -mode ,normal
& ,normal
less ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
lks ,normal
ls ,normal
xv ,normal
xhost ,normal
r ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
<GENSYM:19>/z ,normal
z ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
psd ,normal
ps ,normal
kill ,normal
ps ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
.logout ,normal
s ,normal
s ,normal
netscape -install ,normal
bg ,normal
vi ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
cp ,normal
cp ,normal
jove ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
vi ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
newmail ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
telnet ,normal
z ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
rm ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
mv -rf ,normal
rm, -rf ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
ls ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
mr ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
tar - | ( ,normal
cd ,normal
; ,normal
tar - ,normal
) ,normal
ls ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
ls ,normal
ls -al ,normal
rm -f ,normal
ls ,normal
ls -la ,normal
rm -rf ,normal
ls ,normal
ls -al ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
chgrp -R ,normal
chgrp -R ,normal
ls ,normal
ls -al ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
chgrp ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
chgrp -R ,normal
ls ,normal
ls -al ,normal
man ,normal
find -exec ,normal
; ,normal
bg ,normal
lks ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
chmod ,normal
chmod -R ,normal
find -exec ,normal
; ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
find -exec ,normal
; ,normal
dir ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
dir ,normal
cd ,normal
ld ,normal
dir ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
cat ,normal
m ,normal
source ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
f ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
telnet ,normal
quit ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
25 ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
elm -f ,normal
clear ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
netscape -install ,normal
& ,normal
ls ,normal
xlock -mode ,normal
xlock -mode ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
ps ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
kill -HUP ,normal
kill -HUP ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
kill -HUP ,normal
kill -HUP ,normal
slirp ,normal
emacs -nw ,normal
cd ,normal
emacs -nw ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
unrm ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
rm ,normal
matlab ,normal
matlab ,normal
matlab ,normal
matlab ,normal
z ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
emacs -nw ,normal
clear ,normal
z ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
vi ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
vi ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ln -s ,normal
dir ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
less ,normal
clear ,normal
nslookup ,normal
clear ,normal
elm -f ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
rm ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
cat ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
xv ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
sort -f2 ,normal
jove ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
cat ,normal
z ,normal
rlogin -l ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
emace -nw ,normal
emacs -nw ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir -p ,normal
mv ,normal
mv ,normal
cat ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
fg ,normal
setenv ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
& ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
& ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cat ,normal
z ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
& ,normal
z ,normal
exut ,normal
exit ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
more ,normal
more ,normal
ruptime ,normal
suns ,normal
rwo ,normal
rwho ,normal
rwho | fgrep -f ,normal
r ,normal
r ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ls ,normal
more ,normal
ls ,normal
who ,normal
exit ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
netscape ,normal
& ,normal
netscape -install ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
less ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
more ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
more ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
r ,normal
more ,normal
r ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
z ,normal
who ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
w ,normal
z ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
r ,normal
cd ,normal
& ,normal
dir ,normal
z ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
cd ,normal
& ,normal
exit ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
cd ,normal
& ,normal
exit ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
ls ,normal
mkdir ,normal
mv ,normal
ls ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
.ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ls ,normal
more ,normal
more ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
netscape -install ,normal
& ,normal
more ,normal
more ,normal
more ,normal
more ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
more ,normal
netscape -install ,normal
bg ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
mkdir ,normal
ci ,normal
co ,normal
ls ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
more ,normal
cd ,normal
newmail ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
exit ,normal
m ,normal
less ,normal
jove ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
m ,normal
cd ,normal
jove ,normal
jove ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
less ,normal
clear ,normal
m ,normal
lname ,normal
lname ,normal
lname ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
sd ,normal
cd ,normal
emacs ,normal
& ,normal
sd ,normal
emacs ,normal
& ,normal
matlab ,normal
matlab ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
rm ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
lks ,normal
ks ,normal
ls ,normal
tm ,normal
rm ,normal
setenv ,normal
rm ,normal
unsetenv ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
ps ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
less ,normal
ping ,normal
who ,normal
w ,normal
rwho ,normal
ruptime ,normal
suns ,normal
suns ,normal
ping ,normal
telnet ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
f ,normal
ping ,normal
ping ,normal
exit ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
z ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
jove ,normal
jove ,normal
z ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
ph ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
& ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
z ,normal
& ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
m ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
rwho ,normal
ruptime ,normal
suns ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ls ,normal
r ,normal
kill ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
more ,normal
ls ,normal
telnet ,normal
cd ,normal
more ,normal
ps -ef | grep -v ,normal
kill ,normal
ps -ef | grep -v ,normal
ps -ef | grep -v ,normal
kill ,normal
ps -ef | grep -v ,normal
kill ,normal
runmat ,normal
( ,normal
<GENSYM:20>/set3' ,normal
) ,normal
> ,normal
& ,normal
runmat ,normal
> ,normal
& ,normal
ls ,normal
ls ,normal
runmat ,normal
> ,normal
& ,normal
& ,normal
cat ,normal
runmat ,normal
& ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
m ,normal
newmail ,normal
clear ,normal
X ,normal
m ,normal
xlock -mode ,normal
m ,normal
clear ,normal
newmail ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
xhost ,normal
xhost ,normal
xhost - ,normal
xhost ,normal
xhost - ,normal
xhost ,normal
xhost - ,normal
nslookup ,normal
xhost ,normal
xhost ,normal
xhost - ,normal
xhost - ,normal
xhost ,normal
xhost - ,normal
xhost ,normal
xhost - ,normal
xhost ,normal
xhost ,normal
xhost ,normal
xhost - ,normal
xhost - ,normal
xhost ,normal
xhost - ,normal
clear ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
jove ,normal
co -l ,normal
jove ,normal
cd ,normal
clear ,normal
xlock -mode ,normal
xlock -mode ,normal
z ,normal
setenv ,normal
matlab ,normal
unsetenv ,normal
matlab ,normal
cd ,normal
ls ,normal
& ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
cd ,normal
& ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
z ,normal
ksh ,normal
set ,normal
setenv ,normal
setenv | grep ,normal
setenv ,normal
matlab ,normal
ksh ,normal
ls ,normal
cd ,normal
& ,normal
sd ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
sd ,normal
setenv ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
nslookup ,normal
sd ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
ping ,normal
sd ,normal
setenv ,normal
unsetenv ,normal
sd ,normal
setenv ,normal
workman ,normal
& ,normal
workman -display ,normal
workman -display ,normal
& ,normal
workman -display ,normal
& ,normal
workman -display ,normal
& ,normal
workman -display ,normal
& ,normal
clear ,normal
ls ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
ps -fu ,normal
dir ,normal
less ,normal
ls ,normal
wc -l ,normal
z ,normal
m ,normal
m ,normal
z ,normal
less ,normal
cat ,normal
ls ,normal
less ,normal
.login ,normal
s ,normal
vi ,normal
clear ,normal
z 